---
title: ICA Sistemas y Seguridad and Epic: band together for making customers systems’ safer
description: Epic Bounties and ICA Sistemas y Seguridad start a new parthership
author: Daniela Mejia
tags: [bugbounty, CISO, hunters]
language: en
categories: en
layout: post
image: Logo-ica_blog.jpg
---

**Málaga, Spain, July 2022.** ICA Sistemas y Seguridad and Epic: band together for making customers systems’ safer.

As part of our expansion plan we just signed a new partnership agreement with ICA Sistemas y Seguridad that promises to extend our scope and widen the IT solutions portfolio that they offer to their customers.

Based in Spain, ICA counts 5 offices in Spanish main cities and has wide experience working with customers from many different sectors, some of them are Ministerio de la Presidencia, AEMET, IMSERSO, Museo del Prado and so many more.

***“At ICA Sistemas y Seguridad, we are always looking for the best technological partners in order to offer the most advanced cybersecurity services. Our partnership with Epic means better cyber protection for our clients. Why? We believe that bounty threat hunting is a working methodology that has proven to be very efficient in discovering weaknesses that in traditional audits go unnoticed, usually due to lack of time and planned dedication to the project”*** explains Jesús Castellanos, Consulting and Compliance Manager at ICA Sistemas y Seguridad.

Together, ICA Sistemas y Seguridad customers’ will be able to launch bug bounty programs through our platform, have access to the additional services that we offer, identify and fix threats and vulnerabilities and sleep tight at night knowing that its assets are protected.
